Nutritionally complete
Higher protein per 100gm serving
Flavors – Vanilla


Nutritionaly complete (2.4kcal/ml)
High energy, high protein, small volume
Flavors - Mocca, Strawberry, Vanilla


1kcal/ml high protein
Flavors - Unflavored


Nutritionally complete
High protein (63g perpack)
High energy (1.28kcal/ml)

Nutritionally complete amino acid formula
Cow milk protein free
Flavors – Vanilla


nutrini drink
Nutritionally complete (1.5kcal/ml)
Higher energy, higher protein, per 100ml standard solution
Flavors - Vanilla

Nutrison 1.0
Nutritionaly complete (1kcal/ml)

Nutrini Multi Fibre
Nutritionaly complete (1kcal/ml)
MF6, unique patented fibre blend

Nutrison Advanced Diason
Nutritionaly complete (1kcal/ml)
Lowest GI

Nutrison Advanced Peptisorb
Nutritionaly complete (1kcal/ml)
Whey based peptide protein
Low in fat

Nutrison Multi Fibre
Nutritionaly complete (1kcal/ml)

Safesanitizer, Hand Sanitizing Gel
HYDROALCOHOLIC ANTISEPTIC GEL
FOR SKIN AND HANDS
A time saving antiseptic gel for hands that is gentle on your skin.
• Reduces the risk of bacterial cross contamination and infection.
• Effective on the skin
Effective – fast acting against a broad spectrum of organisms
Safe - with moisturizing and softening properties


safesoap
The true original, Safesoap Original Liquid Hand Wash.
You can use Safesoap regularly without drying your hands. Safesoap is gentle on your skin, and supports your skin's natural antibacterial defences, and with our unique blend of moisturisers, your hands will feel soft, smooth and hygienically clean. Kills nasty bacteria.

Methylsafe
Methylsafe is a general purpose surface disinfectant effective against bacteria, fungi and viruses


Surgisafe Surgical Spirit
Methylsafe is a general purpose surface disinfectant effective against bacteria, fungi and viruses

Povisafe Povidone Iodine 10%
Povisafe is a borad spectrum bactericide also effective against yeast, mould, fungi, viruses and protozoa. Povisafe is a non irritating, non stianing antiseptic and disinfectant

Safeperox Hydrogen Peroxide 6% w/v
Safeperox is a mild antiseptic used on the skin to prevent infection of minor cuts, scrapes, and burns. It may also be used as a mouth rinse to help remove mucus or to relieve minor mouth irritation (e.g., due to canker/cold sores, gingivitis).

Aqueous Cream
Aqueous cream is a non-greasy emollient or moisturiser, used to treat dry skin conditions such as eczema.  It is made from a mixture of emulsifying ointment and water (also called oil in water emulsion). When used as a soap substitute or wash product, it works by providing a layer of oil on the surface of the skin, which traps water beneath it and  prevents water evaporating from the skin surface. In this way it helps to retain moisture on the skin and reduce dryness. Read more about emollients and moisturisers.  


CITROSAFE 20
Citric Acid 20 % for citrothermal disinfection, cleaning and decalcification of haemodialyis machines.


Hibisafe
(Chlorhexidine gluconate 5% w/v)
Hibisafe is an antiseptic that is active against a wide range of microorganisms. Used for pre-operative disinfection and disinfection of medical instruments.

Safecet Antiseptic Liquid
Cetrimide 3% w/v
Chlorhexidine gluconate 0.3% w/v
Safecet is a concentrated First Aid formula, designed to cleanse and treat; Cuts/grazes, insect bites/stings, minor burns/scalds, bathing and midwifery. Safecet is a general antiseptic for external first-aid use. It cleanses and helps to prevent infection. It aids with natural healing.


Safechlorite
Sodium Hypochlorite 3.5% w/v 
Safechlorite is an odourless solutionthat exhibits broad spectrum antimicrobial activity and is widely used in hospital facilities in a variety of settings. Safechlorite is an effective household bleach. Safechlorite has destaining properties and can be used to remove mould stains.


Puresafe Purified Water
Laboratory grade water for laboratory use.

DetergSafe
Multi-purpose Industrial liquid detergent
Detergsafe powerful neutral detergent,compartible with any kind of surface.


CitroSafe 21%
Citric Acid 21%, lactic acid, malic acid, adjuvants. Excellent removal of calcium / magnesium deposits






























